"Unpack the bunk! Up."

The man wearing a cuffed leather shirt and pants (1) that didn't match the time of year shouted as if angry.

"Rutabaga! Go burn the fire, damn it, and lie down, swine!"

Underneath the seven-foot wide, twelve-foot deep workshop, there were sixteen or seventeen "pigs" lying all over the place.      Yawning, sighing, shouting, looking for clothes, wearing the wrong shoes, stepping haphazardly on others, and urinating very loudly on a toilet less than a foot from their heads. The shyness common to adult girls seems to have been dulled among these people who are called "pigs. The half-naked girl gets up, opens the door, scrambles for the toilet with her pants, and turns her body slightly on her back to openly change her clothes in front of a man.

The man tigerishly kicked at the women who had gotten up a little slower, turned back to stand on the stairs, which were no more than two feet wide, and shouted to another group of people upstairs.

"Beat you up! Don't get up again? Slacker! Waiting for the sun to go up?"

The first time I saw her, she was 15 or 16 years old and very few people knew her name, except the boss, who was as thin as a stalk of reed.

This is the workshop of the Dongyang Yarn Factory on Fulin Road, Yang Shupu, Shanghai. The rectangular, red-brick walled-off area of the factory is divided into two narrow sections by a road that runs through the alleyway of the Watergate Ting. It was divided evenly like a pigeon cage. There were eight rows on each side, with five households in each row, making a total of eighty houses with one floor and one bottom. On average, there were thirty-three "lazy bums" and "pigs", as the bosses called them, living in the upper and lower floors of each workhouse. In addition to the relatives, the part-timers and the petition police who wear leather-covered clothes (......), there are about 2,000 "pigs" who live in the walled area of the workshop and make clothes for other people in rags.

However, their official name is "bodyline workers". Their bodies, in a strange way, had been contracted out to bosses called "band workers". Every year, especially during the floods and droughts, these workers, who had "footprints "3 in the factories in the East, would go to their hometowns or disaster areas to persuade the people with their mouths, which had been skilled for many years and could turn a straw into a bar of gold, by themselves or by sending people to their hometowns or disaster areas. The actual fact that you can't afford to be in a position to get a lot more than a few of these, you'll be able to get a lot more than a few of these.

"The first thing that you need to do is to take a look at the company's products and services, and you'll be able to see what they are. You've got to see it in life, too.

"Do full three years, after the money you earn, it belongs to you, the block of money a day's wages, hey, others kowtowed to me not for her to write in! We're from the same town. We're friends."

"Leave it to me to bring, what three mistakes, I can still go back home?"

If you say so, it's needless to say that the girls who bite the bark of the grass roots will regret that their parents didn't go with them to enjoy their blessings. Within three years, the person who brings in the laborers will provide accommodation and food, introduce them to jobs, and return the money to the person who brings in the laborers, and in case of death or sickness, the person will pay 10 yuan in advance. This is the contract of indentured service."

The 2,000 or so bonded laborers in the Fulin Road workshop were under the command of more than 50 leaders of the "tied laborers," and they were "machines" that obediently made money for the "tied laborers. Therefore, the number of people each "band-worker" took under his wing was an indication of the amount of money he had. The smaller number is thirty-five, while the larger number is more than a hundred and fifty. Hand wide "with work", not only can lend money, to buy land, building houses, but also can also run a teahouse, bathrooms, barber shops, a class of business.

The red brick walled workshop was rented to the "band workers" by the manufacturer of the East Asian factory at the cost of five yuan per month, and the "band workers" put in more than 30 units of no-frills furniture in the "Western-style" building like a pigeon cage. Mobile machines with fixed legs. This kind of workshop did not have the usual "front door" of a normal house, but the front door was exactly the same as the back door of a normal house. On each front door, a three-inch wooden plaque was uniformly nailed to the sash, on which was written in oriental Chinese characters the name and origin of the foreman in charge, such as "Chen Yongtian Taizhou" or "Xu Fuda Weiyang", etc. On the doors, small and large pieces of faded wood were pasted. On the door, there were faded red paper Spring Festival couplets stuck on the door, and in the middle, most of them were red paper cut out of Yuanbao, Ruyi, eight seals, or woodblock printed images of "Jiang Taigong here, no taboo", and the text of the Spring Festival couplets, most of them were "accumulate virtue, far future, deposit benevolence, the rear step wide! "and so on. These spring scrolls were posted in such places, as if they were proud of others, or as if they were sarcastic to themselves.

After half past four o'clock, when the morning light without lines and shadows timidly appeared, Shui Men Ting Road and the alleys were already crowded with these barefoot country girls. The cool and slightly damp morning breeze was the only heavenly blessing for these people who lived in the stagnant air. They are noisy, some scooping up water at the public tap, some combing out the lint stuck in their hair with a wooden comb with broken teeth. One after another, two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of two groups of people carrying flat-filled toilets, yelling and wiping past people. The "boss" or the odd-job man stood lazily in front of the wooden grill at the main entrance, which was like a train station's ticket office, with a stack of "printer's books" in his hands. After the mats and tattered blankets downstairs were removed, the two tables hung upside down on the wall at night were lowered. A dozen or so bowls and a handful of bamboo chopsticks were placed haphazardly on the table, and the person who took turns cooking porridge placed a lead bucket of thin, paste-like porridge in the center of the table. Their regular meal was two porridges and one rice, which they ate in the morning and the evening. The porridge, its composition is not the same as the general generic meaning of the word. In it is less indica, pot scorched, broken rice and more of the tofu meal that the countrymen use to feed their pigs! Congee, which is impossible, is a rare delicacy for the "kind" owners, who go to the market to collect lettuce leaves and salted them.

There were only two benches - in fact, even if there had been more benches, there would not have been room for thirty people to eat porridge at the same time. They swarmed and grabbed a bowl each, tilting their heads to lick the porridge sweat dripping outside the bowl with their tongues, and then scattered to crouch or stand on the road and in the doorway. The opportunity to add porridge is usually hard to come by except on special occasions, such as the boss's or his wife's birthday, or the day they are paid. There were days when it was not even a bowl's turn to wipe the floor and empty the toilet. When the lead bucket was empty, the first bowl was too empty for the people who held it, so the boss's wife picked up the bucket, went to the pot to scrape down the charred, leftover porridge, and then went to the tap to flush some cold water. She stirred it with her oily hands, which were only combing their hair, and put it in front of these cheap machines, which did not need any more "maintenance".

"You're lazy! Lie down to die, do not get up, deserved!"

Eleven years ago, the Gu Zhenghong Incident (1) concerning internal and external cotton, and especially after the "January 28th" war five years ago, the need for this special cheap "machine" by the East Asian manufacturers suddenly increased. This was said to be a method that was in line with economic and business principles. After all, a machine with quotation marks is a human being made of flesh and blood. So, when their patience exceeds their limits, they tend to naturally recall a long-forgotten human power. Sometimes the stupid "slaves" learn that a quiver of arrows can't be broken, and that they can starve to death even if they're a bit too cheap. In addition, the "mobility" of industrial workers, which is the most detestable condition of modern industrial management, is the root cause of this "mobility," which the managers are unwilling to pursue. A Japanese man with colonial personnel experience, who called himself a "warm-hearted author," said in the preface of one of his books, "In this struggle ('May 30th'), the police have no authority whatsoever. Before the combined power of the people, any power is no longer useful!" But what about the conclusion? With warmongering? No! The method they used was only to replace the "outside workers" (ordinary free workers) with cheap "indentured workers" without "bonding power".

Firstly, the body of the body worker belongs to the boss who takes charge of the work, so they have no freedom to "do" or "not to do" at all. Their daily wage is the boss's profit, so even when they are sick, the boss will reliably serve the factory and force them to work with fists, sticks, or cold water. Let's take the above-mentioned rutabaga as an example (in fact, it happens to every single body worker). on. She slowly moved her body to the corner of the room and curled up into a ball, so as not to occupy the room as much as possible, but in this kind of workplace, the example of lying down sick and recuperating is not something you can do. Soon a handyman came along. Most of the people who do this kind of work are the relatives of the foreman in charge or the "white face" (1) who have some influence in the local community, so they have almost the right to live and kill freely in this kind of place. Ashibi's throat had long been mute, and he made a gesture with his hands to show that his body was weak, asking for his mercy.

"False illness! I'll heal you!"

One hand grabbed the hair, fiercely lifted to the ground and slammed it, Ashi Chai Stick landed on her hands and feet, and the odd man out followed up with a kick to her leg, and as usual the second and third kick was no less, but the odd man out quickly stopped. It was later said that it was because the reed stick "exposed" to the protruding leg bone, touching his toes! The odd man out, annoyed, smoothly snatched a basin of another bodyguard is wiping the table of cold water, head-on splashed on the head of the reedwood stick. It was winter, and a cold wind was blowing outside. The reed stick was hit by this accidental splash, and jumped up like a reflex, so the boss's wife, who was wiping her teeth at the door, laughed.

"Look! It's not a fake illness yet! A good one will get up, and a tub of cold water will heal it."

This is just one of the frequent examples.

Second, the body workers are new from the countryside, and most of them are the boss's neighbors, which, in terms of "management" is extremely favorable conditions. In addition to building a fence around the workshop, placing a petition police in the gatehouse and nailing a piece of wooden sign outside the gate that "the workshop is very important, no idle person should enter", so that these "country girls" are isolated from the rest of the world, the management of the factory is completely handed over to the boss with the work. In this way, at five o'clock in the morning, the odd-job workers or the boss himself sent them to the factory, and at six o'clock in the evening, he brought them back, so they never had the chance to contact with "outsiders". Therefore, bonded labor is a kind of "canned labor", which can be "safely" kept and freely used, without any danger of change due to contact with the air.

Thirdly, of course, because of the low price of labor, the body-shrouded workers were brought into the factory by the "band-workers," and their collective terminology changed again, and they were called "trial workers" or "foster workers" in the factory. "The period of a test worker indicates that the manufacturer is testing your ability to work. The period of the test worker indicated that the manufacturer was testing your ability to work, while the period of the cultivator indicated the preparation of a "raw hand" to become a "skilled hand". The initial wage was twelve hours a day, foreign dime and fifteen cents, the initial scope of work was to sweep the floor, open the garment, carry the raw cotton, pine garment and so on without any skills. After a few weeks, they were transferred to work in the wire workshop, strip room, and roving room. In the home countries of the factory owners, the work in the unpacking room, springing room, and wire workshop was usually done by men, but in Shanghai, they did not have to worry about "social entanglements" and "supervision by the bureaucracy. ", and so added this work, which was not a job for women, to the bagmen who were paid less than a third of the men's wages.

At five o'clock the first echo was called with great vigour. The lid of the red-brick can - the iron door - was flung open, and out rushed, as if in the disorder of chickens and ducks, a mass of unchained slaves. Each had a printed book in his hand, and did not speak very much, and if he did speak he was not very angry. Within a hundred paces, they were joined by another kind of river - the "foreign workers" who worked in the same factories in the East. However, people living in the vicinity of this area could easily recognize the different components of the river. Some of them wore cheongsams, yellow or light blue rubber shoes, 17- and 18-year-old girls sometimes wore powder, and some even had their hair permed. The wrappers were not so fortunate, and without exception they wore short shirts of faded and oily lake-green or even lotus-blue, with yuan or wicker trousers underneath, long hair, many with braided hair, tattered and dirty coarse shoes, tangled but not enlarged feet, and a little hobble in their walk. Walking down the road, these two types of people seldom have a conversation. Dirty, folksy, rustic, and verbose are the reasons why they are not close. There is also a subconscious mentality of the "outside workers" who think too highly of themselves and look down on others unnecessarily. They think: "We have more freedom and more rights than you do, that is, the freedom to starve, the right to be transferred and not to work at any time.

The red-brick monster is already waiting with its mouth open for its nourishment. Passing through the iron gates guarded by the Indian gate guards, in the gate room they hand over their vouchers permitting them to contribute labour. The bum workers hand over only a printed book, to which the outside workers add a photo entry certificate. This voucher is eleven years old. After the Gu Zhenghong incident, the internal and external cotton shift (strike), but some of the other Toyoda factory was still working, so many internal and external cotton workers in the Toyota factory in the west of Shanghai, many of them ventured in, and did a heroic work of cooperation between inside and outside. From this time on, by the Toyota factory's initiative, such photo vouchers were required before workers could enter the factory. This system was peculiar to the Toyoda factory. The Chinese factories, of course, did not have such a system. In British factories, such as Jardine Matheson, workers were allowed to bring a relative or their children to study (without pay, of course), and child laborers as young as 7 or 8 or even 5 or 6 could be seen everywhere in Jardine Matheson's factory, which was, of course, a "gift" without pay.

Woven into a strand of clothing yarn, knitted into a sock yarn, wearing the body are smooth, comfortable and pleasant. However, in the process of making this yarn from raw cotton, it is not as pleasant as wearing clothes. The three main threats to the yarn workers, - are the sound, the dust and the humidity.

When the tram to Yang Shupu passes Qiqihar Road, you can hear a mixture of "rustling rain" and "rumbling thunder". As soon as you enter the factory, the fierce noise will be eliminated, - no, paralyze your hearing, the roar of the motor, the slapping of the belt, the spinning of the ingot, the gears of rolling ...... all the uncomfortable sounds, as if compressed air as tightly packed in the red brick walls. In the factory, you can't tell what the sounds are, and your hearing is never able to distinguish between them. In the spinning room, the "yarn-dropper" (a skilled worker who is in charge of yarn-dropping) and the "dangler" (a superior female worker who is a roving supervisor, called "see-kai" in Japan) do not use words when giving orders to the workers. No hand gestures are used, but the whistle that is often articulated in the mouth, for only the sharp high notes of the whistle can break through this strained air.

The dust, the kind that makes it unpleasant to the degree that it is, is even more unexpected. The space between the worsted, coarse spinning, the naked eye can also be seen flying countless "cotton wool". The female sweeper, often press the end of the broom on the ground, like wiping the floor like pushing, a person in a "mess hall" (the middle of the two spinning machines) repeatedly walking, fine snow-like cotton wool can still be seen on the ground. Spring flower, unpacking room and wire workshop can not be said. Unpacking work, is to make a bundle of raw cotton opened, with hand pulling loose to pick out the inclusions inside; this kind of work, now the Toyo factory has almost completely sent to the bale workers to do, because they "obedient", willing to do other workers do not want to do the work. In that kind of workshop, no matter what kind of clothes you wear, you will turn gray in a moment. The tidbits that danced around the room like little devils, "all pervading" into their features, hair, nostrils, eyelashes and every pore, are the sustenance of these tidbits. To know the feeling of these tidbits stick to your body, then you can imagine, - just like when you work up a sweat, someone in front of you to dismantle and turn loose a cotton pillow core, and make these pillow core of ash all over the stick to your body! None of the women in the yarn factory have a healthy color, and doing twelve hours' work, it has been found that each one inhales an average of zero to fifteen grams of tidbits!

The oppressive humidity is also the greatest threat to the yarn factory workers - especially the weaving room workers. They live through the yellow plum and are daily exposed to a heat that is saturated with moisture. Depending on the characteristics of the cotton yarn, the tension and the moisture are directly proportional to each other. To put it in perspective, cotton yarns are less prone to tearing when wet, which is why there must be a sprayer device in the workshop. In the weaving room, the head of each loom there is a constantly radiating steam nozzle, reach out and see no one across the street! The slightest bite from a mosquito or louse, or a bruise from a machine that breaks the skin, quickly causes an ulcer. Working in the middle of summer at 156 degrees below the temperature, that is by no means an outsider can imagine.

It's probably natural for a creature working under these three threats to tire out at an accelerated rate. But in the night shift, hitting drugs will not be possible, because the beast-like iron tyrant watching you, as long as the broken wire is not connected, the ingot shell rolled out, the roller misalignment, and even on the board of what accumulates, there will be "Namowin" (foreman) and "small swinging pipe". "The danger of abuse and beatings. In the past few years, generally speaking, the fact of beating has gradually become less and less, but this "happiness" is only limited to the outside workers. "and the danger of "fighting each other." However, indentured servants don't have friends or helpers. Anyone can bully them, anyone can look down on them, they are the lowest class of "at least people", they are the object of Maureen and the small sluts to lose their temper and show off. In the yarn factory, the penalties for "living a filthy life" were approximately three types of punishment: beating, fines and "suspension of business". So, from the standpoint of the owner of the bonded laborers, the latter two are of course unfavorable. The fine is to reduce their profits, stop the business can't make money, but also have to pay her two porridge and one meal, so the lead worker without thinking about it, they are happy with this method of beating. Whenever the Duanjie Festival and the end of the year, the leading foreman always has to give gifts to the Namowens, when they always have to speak obsequiously.

"Always have to ask for your help, take care of it. If our little girl has any problems, you can beat her to death, but she will not take any action, as long as she is not fined and her business is suspended."

In such a situation, of course, the bodyguard workers were "bullied by everyone". Once, a body-shrinker named Xiaofukozi was beaten up by NaMoWen before he could put up the rotten yarn, but it was just bad luck that a "foreign woman" came over. His governor's harshness, and the force of the beating was extraordinarily strong than usual. After a while, perhaps because she didn't like this uncivilized beating, or perhaps because she wanted to introduce a more reasonable method of punishment, she approached Little Fuzi, grabbed her by the ear, pulled her in front of the Peace Dragon, and told her to stand against the wall. of the belt-disc heart, unkindly calling her over her head, Toyobo would smile.

"Imitate a (this) little girl to be bad! Lazy!"

Narmovin said, learning the same stiff tune.

"You can't doze off with a belt and a heart on your head!"

This "civilized punishment" can sometimes take you more than two hours. If you don't work for two hours and can't make it through the day, it's only fair that you get beaten up by your boss for less pay. The beatings were supplemented by starvation, hanging, locking up in a dark room, and so on.

In fact, Nahmoon didn't treat the outside workers very kindly either, because there were more subtle ways than just beating and scolding, such as giving you a hard "life" or transferring you to a job you didn't want to do. So some workers on the outside are forced to suck up to Namowin by offering him gifts in the hope of ensuring their own safety. Taking out blood money in exchange for honoring the foreman is an embarrassing burden on them, of course, but in the barters, that's not even the right to make such gifts! While the outside workers complain about this extra burden, the indentured workers are envious of the right to bribe the foreman with their own money!

Under the protection of a special privilege, absorbing the nourishment of cheap labor, the East Ocean factory in China expanded by leaps and bounds. When the first factory was established in the 28th year of Guangxu's reign, when the capital of the Mitsui family bought out the Dachun yarn factory, the number of spindles was less than 20,000, but thirty years later, they already had six yarn factories, five weaving factories, 250,000 spindles, 3,000 cloth looms, 8,000 workers and a capital of 12 million yuan. Davitt Solow, a friend of the American philosopher Emmauson, once said in a book that beneath every sleeper of the American railroad lay the body of an Irish worker. Then I also associate it with the fact that every ingot in the East Asian factory has the ghost of a Chinese slave attached to it!

"After the war, their policy changed again, which was characterized by intensification of labor. The statistics show the increase of the number of spindles and cloth machines and the decrease of the number of workers in the past four years. Among the decreasing number of workers, the proportion of indentured laborers is increasing fiercely. To give an example, in the strip workshop of a certain factory in Yang Shupu, there are 24 bodkin workers out of 32 female workers. The proportions are roughly the same across the board. Even if we calculate by using the minimum number of 50%, among the 48,000 workers in the 30 Toyo factories in Shanghai, there are more than 24,000 body-workers who provide dual services for the factory and the foreman.

Scientific management and improvement of machinery, roving room where each person used to manage a cart, now manage a "alley"; fine yarn room where each person used to manage 30 wooden tubes (each wooden tube eight spindles), now manage 100 wooden tubes; cloth machine room where each person used to manage five cloth machines, now manage 20 or even 30. On the surface, as if on the goods to count the work, the increase in production means that the increase in the price of labor, but the fact is not so simple. The unit price of wages has almost doubled over the past few years. For example, if you do roving, the unit price of 8 cents per "henshi" (840 yards) used to be less than 4 cents now. In the old days, if you worked for eight hunts, you would get six dollars and four cents, but now you work for two hunts and sixteen hunts, and the pay is only about forty cents and eighty cents. In the old days, she used to get sixteen cents and four quarters for working eight hours, but now she works sixteen hours for two carts, and the pay is only about forty-eight cents.

Two porridge and one meal, twelve hours of work, intensified labor, compulsory work in the workshop and the boss's family, the life of a pig, the practice of dirt, - the "machine" made of flesh and blood, after all, is not the same as the one made of steel; the period of three years stated in the contract of indentured servant. and could probably do less than two-thirds of the full. Work, work, debilitated to the point of not being able to walk or work, hands and feet as thin as reed sticks, body as bent as a bow, face as miserable as a dead man! Coughing, wheezing, dripping with cold sweat, still oppressed at work. For example, if we talk about the reed stick, her body is so skinny and horrible that even the "body-catcher" (the woman who inspects female workers' bodies) at the factory gate doesn't want to touch her body when she is off work.

"Let her tie an oil string or two! Like a skeleton, touching her bones will give you nightmares!"

But the boss with the work is not afraid of nightmares! Some people think it's too ugly and say to her boss.

"Like doing a good deed and letting her go!"

"Let her go? Fine! Give me back my twenty bucks, food and room for two years." He said casually, turning back to glare at her.

"Don't dream of it if you don't pay back the money! I'd rather pay for the coffin and have her until she dies!"

Roo Chai Bang's current pay is triangle eight cents per day, take last year's pay triangle two to make an average, after two years of work, the boss with the work has actually earned two hundred and thirty dollars on her!

Another one, I can't remember her name, she couldn't stand this kind of life, she used a lot of effort, in the morning during the fifteen-minute break, secretly asked a worker who was studying in the tutorial school to write a letter home to her parents, postage stamps, probably donated by the sympathetic female worker. A month, no reply, she was burning, she was hoping, perhaps, her father would come to Shanghai to take her back, but the reply was pinched in the hands of the boss. When she came back from work, the boss and two odd-job men were standing at the door. The cross-faced boss caught up a step, twisted her by the hair, kicked, hit, threw, and erupted with a general inaudible roar.

"Dead bitch! You have the guts to interrupt my home road!

"Three meals a day, swine, I'll feed you unconscious!

"Beat you up and make a show of yourself!

"Who wrote you this letter? Speak, speak!"

The blood and screams startled the whole workhouse, and everyone shivered; it seemed like a real example. After fighting weariness, they hung in the boss's wife's pavilion building for another night. That night, the entire house, except for the moaning, moaning calls that were about to break, there was absolutely no other sound. Holding their breath and keeping their eyes open, a hundred thousand slaves sighed their fate in the night.

The structure of the human body, sometimes I think it is a little miraculous indeed, grows strong and fat, often as quickly as a broken twig stalk, but like a reed stick can go on day after day of torment. Every minute there is a possibility of death, but she still has the resilience there to hold on. Two porridge and one meal, twelve hours of work in the noise, dust and moisture, silently, but regularly repeated, until the last drop of blood and sweat left in her skin and bones is squeezed.

Looking at this system of raising young girls for profit, I couldn't help but think of the boatmen I'd seen as a child raising squid to catch fish. The odd-looking squid ducks, much like crows, were parked in whole rows on the starboard side, their feet were suspended by ropes, and they went into the water to catch fish, and when the water rose the boatman gave them a gentle squeeze on the neck. The cuttle duck will catch fish all day long, and it is the cuttle duck boat owner who gets the money from selling the fish. However, from the eyes of our children, the boat owners did not mistreat the ducks, because the boat owners always had to feed them and feed them, but now, by shifting this relationship between people and people, even this bit of charity no longer exists!

There is no light, no heat, no hope, ...... no law, no humanity in the midst of these millions of breeders. Here are the well-worn techniques, machines, systems of the twentieth century and the slaves of the feudal system of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries who faithfully serve this system!

The night is long, silent and deadly. On the surface, there seemed to be no self-consciousness, no unity, no resistance here yet - they lived inside a great forge, and flickering sparks often passed around them, but it seemed as if even the fire that could ignite, that could burn, had dissipated in these creatures who were being pressed and squeezed by force.

Still, the dawn cannot be denied; Solow warns the Americans to beware of the corpses under the pillows, and I would like to warn the colonists to beware of the groaning souls on the ingots.

They do not propose any special principles for shaping the movement of the proletariat.
The Communists differ from other proletarian parties only in that, on the one hand, in the countries of the
In the struggle of the proletarians, the Communists emphasize and insist on the common, non-nationalistic character of the entire proletariat.
the interests of the proletariat; on the other hand, in the various developments through which the struggle of the proletariat and the bourgeoisie has developed
At all stages, the Communists have always represented the interests of the entire movement.
In practice, therefore, the Communists are the most resolute of the workers' parties of all countries, always
driving section; in theory, they outshine the rest of the proletarian masses in the land of the
The party lies in their understanding of the conditions, processes and general results of the proletarian movement.
The recent aims of the communists are the same as those of all other proletarian parties.
kind: to make the proletariat form into a class, to overthrow the rule of the bourgeoisie, to be seized by the proletariat
Take power.
The theoretical principles of the Communist Party are by no means based on the inventions or ideas of this or that world reformer.
The ideas, the principles on which the discovery is based.
These principles are but the true correlates of the present class struggle, of the historical movement before us.
The general expression of the system. The abolition of pre-existing ownership relations is not unique to communism.
The characteristics.
All ownership relations have undergone frequent historical alternations, frequent historical changes.
For example, the French Revolution abolished feudal ownership and replaced it with bourgeois ownership.
The characteristic feature of communism is not the abolition of ownership in general, but the abolition of bourgeois ownership.
However, modern bourgeois private ownership is based on class antagonism, on one
The final and most complete stage of production and possession of products above the exploitation of some by others.
performance.
In this sense, the Communists can summarize their theory in one sentence: eliminate the
Eliminate private ownership.
Some people blame us communists, saying that we want to destroy the system that individuals have earned and earned by their own labor.
The property that came to be destroyed, to destroy the property that forms the basis of all freedom, activity and independence of the individual.
What a labor-earned, self-earned property! You're talking about.
The kind of petty bourgeois, peasant property that precedes bourgeois ownership? That kind of property.
We don't need to wipe it out, industrial development has already wiped it out and is doing so every day.
It.
Or, are you talking about the private property of the modern bourgeoisie?
But does hired labor, the labor of the proletarian, create property for the unproductive
? Nothing of the sort. What this labor creates is capital, the property that exploits hired labor.
Can only be increased if new wage labour is constantly being generated to re-exploit it.
It is a property that has risen up. This property today moves in opposition to capital and wage labour.
Let us look at two aspects of this opposition.
To be a capitalist, that is to say, not only does he occupy a purely individual position in production, but also a purely personal position in the production of property.
status, and occupies a social position. Capital is the product of the collective, and it can only be achieved through social and economic development.
In the final analysis, it can only be achieved through the joint activities of all members of society.
activity in order to move. Capital is therefore not an individual force, but a social force.
It is not, therefore, a matter of turning capital into a public, property belonging to all members of society.
:: The transformation of personal property into social property. All that is changed at this point is the social nature of the property. It will
Lose its class nature.
Now, let's look at waged labor.
The average price of waged labor is the minimum wage, the wage that a worker pays to maintain his workers'
The amount of the means of subsistence necessary for life. Therefore, the percentage of hired workers who earn their living by their own labour is 1.5 per cent.
There is just enough to barely sustain the reproduction of his life. We never intend to eliminate such
(b) Personal appropriation of the products of labour for the direct reproduction of life, which does not leave a legacy of
Anything left over makes it possible for people to dominate the labor of others. That's all we're trying to eliminate.
the pitiful nature of a kind of appropriation, under which the worker lives only to increase his capital.
The ruling class can live only as long as its interests require it to live.
In bourgeois society, living work is only one part of the work that has been accumulated.
kind of means. In a communist society, the labor already accumulated is only a means of expanding, enriching and
A means of improving the lives of workers.
Thus, in bourgeois society it is the past that dominates the present, in communist society it is the
The present dominates the past. In bourgeois society, capital has independence and individuality, while activity
The individual, however, has no independence or individuality.
The bourgeoisie, on the other hand, describes the elimination of such relations as the elimination of individuality and freedom! That's right.
Indeed, it is precisely to destroy the individuality, independence and freedom of the bourgeoisie.
In the context of the present-day bourgeois relations of production, what is called freedom is free trade.
Free trade. But as soon as buying and selling goes away, so does free trading. On the talk of free trading.
And like all the other bourgeois lies of our bourgeoisie about freedom, only for those who are not.
Free trade is what made sense to the enslaved citizens of the Middle Ages, and
For communism to eliminate buying and selling, bourgeois relations of production and the bourgeoisie itself, it is necessary to eliminate the bourgeoisie.
It makes no sense at this point.
We want to eliminate private ownership, and you panic. But in your existing society
In the United States of America, private property is extinguished for nine out of ten members; this private ownership is the only form of ownership in the country.
So exists precisely because private property no longer exists for nine-tenths of its members. Can
See, what you're accusing us of is that we're trying to eradicate a system that treats the vast majority of people in society as if they don't have the right to be here.
Ownership where property is a sine qua non.
In short, you are accusing us of saying that we want to eliminate the kind of ownership you have.
Indeed, we are going to do so.
From labor can no longer be changed into capital, money, rent, in a word, can no longer be changed into something that can be
monopoly of social power, that is to say, from the time when individual property could no longer be transformed into bourgeois
From the time of property, you say, individuality is eliminated.
Thus, you are admitting that personality, as you understand it, is nothing more than the property, the capital.
Proletarian privateers. Such individuality should indeed be eliminated.
Communism does not deprive anyone of the right to appropriate the social product, it only deprives him of the right to use it.
It is a power of appropriation to enslave the labour of others.
It is countered that when private ownership is eliminated, all activity will cease and the wind of indolence will be
rise.
In this way, bourgeois society should have perished long ago due to laziness, because in this society it is the laborer who gains nothing. All these concerns can be put down to this.
A tautology: once there is no more capital, there is no more wage labour.
All this reproach to the communist mode of appropriating and producing the material goods.
It was also extended to the appropriation and production of spiritual goods. Just as the ownership of classes ends in
The termination of the education of the class seems to the capitalists to be the same as the termination of production itself.
It's the end of all education.
The kind of education that the capitalists fear to lose is the kind of education that, for the vast majority of people, trains them to be machines.
ware.
But since you use your bourgeois ideas about freedom, education, law, etc.
to weigh the idea of the abolition of bourgeois ownership, then please don't argue with us.
Your ideas are themselves the product of bourgeois relations of production and ownership, just as you are.
Our law is nothing more than the will of your class, which is enshrined as law, and that will is the same as the will of your class, which has been made law.
The content of your class is determined by your material conditions of life.
Your self-interest leads you to remove your relations of production and ownership from the historical
which are temporary relations in the production process into eternal laws of nature and reason, which
The concept of self-interest is shared by you and all the ruling classes that have perished. Speaking of all ancient
what you can understand when it comes to feudal ownership.
When it comes to bourgeois ownership you will no longer understand.
Destroy the family! Even the extremist radicals have expressed this shameful intent of the Communists'
outrage.
On what is the modern, bourgeois family founded? It is based on capital
The family is based on private enrichment. The family exists in its fully developed form only in the bourgeoisie, and the forced solitary life of the proletarians and open prostitution are the basis of it.
replenishment.
The asset man's family naturally disappears with this replenishment of it, and both must be
With the disappearance of capital.
Are you blaming us for eliminating the exploitation of children by their parents? We confess this crime.
status.
But you say that by replacing home education with social education, we are trying to eliminate people
The closest relationships.
And isn't your education determined by society? It's not for you to educate.
Is it the kind of social relationship that determines? Not also directly by the community through schools, etc.?
of or indirectly interfered with the decision? Communists did not invent the influence of society on education.
They simply want to change the nature of that influence, to rid education of the ruling class.
The more all the family ties of the proletarians are destroyed by the development of big industry, the more their
The more children are transformed by this development into mere commodities and instruments of labour, the more the bourgeoisie turns them into mere commodities and instruments of labour.
The more disgusting is the empty talk about the family and education, about the intimate relationship between parents and children.
But you communists are going to practice public wives, ---- the whole bourgeois heterodoxy.
Mouths are screaming to us in the same breath.
The capitalists see their wives as mere instruments of production. They are told that the productive worker
It was natural to expect that the same fate would befall women as the tools to be used in public.
The problem is to remove women from the role of mere instruments of production.
status.
In fact, it would be ridiculous for our bourgeoisie to pretend to be moralistic and express surprise at the so-called official communist system of public wives. Communism does not require a communist to practice it.
Pretty much what has always been there.
Our property owners are not full of their proletarian wives and daughters at their disposal.
Enough, not to mention formal prostitution, and they also took great pleasure in seducing each other's wives.
Bourgeois marriages were, in effect, public wives. At best one could blame the communists.
Say they want to replace the hypocritically concealed public wives with formal, overt public wives. Its
real, it goes without saying that with the elimination of the present relations of production, the public that emerges from such relations
Wifery, i.e., prostitution, both formal and informal, disappeared.
Others blamed the communists, saying they wanted to abolish the fatherland and the nation.
Workers do not have a fatherland. They must not be deprived of what they do not have. For the proletariat heads
It must first gain political domination, rise to a national class, organize itself as a nation, and then, as a result, it must be able to achieve the same goal.
In itself it is still national, though not at all in the sense that the bourgeoisie understands it.
With the development of the bourgeoisie, with the realization of freedom of trade and the establishment of the world market.
With the convergence of industrial production and the living conditions that go with it, there has been an increase in the number of people among nations.
of ethnic isolation and antagonism are increasingly disappearing.
The rule of the proletariat will make them disappear faster. United action, at least in the various languages
The united action of the Ming State is one of the first conditions for the emancipation of the proletariat.
As soon as the exploitation of man by man is eliminated, the exploitation of the nation by the nation will be eliminated.
As soon as the class antagonism within a nation disappears, the hostile relations between the nations will be eliminated.
loss.
The various religious, philosophical and general ideological perspectives on communism.
Blame is not even worth discussing in detail. People's ideas, opinions and concepts, in a word, people's consciousness, as they are born
Is it necessary to change the conditions of life, the social relations of people and their social existence?
Does it take deep thought to understand?
The history of thought, besides proving that spiritual production is transformed with the transformation of material production.
What's clear? The ruling ideas of any age are always nothing more than the thoughts of the ruling class.
want.
When people talk about ideas that revolutionize entire societies, they're just stating one thing.
Real: Within the old society elements of a new society have been formed, and the collapse of the old ideas is the same as the old.
The disintegration of living conditions was in lockstep.
When the ancient world was coming to an end, the various religions of antiquity were overcome by Christianity.
up. When Christian thought was defeated by the Enlightenment in the 18th century, feudal society was in the process of being tied to the
The revolutionary bourgeoisie of the time fought a desperate struggle. The idea of freedom of belief and freedom of religion.
But it shows that free competition dominates in the realm of faith.
"But," one might say, "religious, moral, philosophical, political, legal
Ideas, etc., are of course constantly changing in the course of history, while religion, morality, philosophy, etc., are not.
In the midst of this change, scholarship, politics and law have survived.
In addition, there are eternal truths common to all social states, such as freedom, justice and the rule of law.
righteousness, etc. But communism wants to abolish eternal truth, it wants to abolish religion, morality, not
It is to innovate, so that communism is in contradiction with the whole historical process of development up to now. "
What does this blame boil down to? The history of all societies to date is based on the class vs.
This antagonism has taken different forms in different times.
But whatever the form of class antagonism, the exploitation of one part of society by another has been a common fact of past centuries. It is not surprising, therefore, that
The social consciousness of the centuries, though varied and diverse, has always shared some common
These forms, these forms of consciousness, only when the class antagonism has completely disappeared do they become a form of movement.
It will only disappear completely when the time comes.
The communist revolution is the most radical rupture with traditional ownership relations; it is not.
Strangely enough, in the course of its own development, it wants to make the most radical break with traditional ideas.
However, let us put aside the various reproaches of the bourgeoisie against communism.
As we have already seen, the first step in the workers' revolution is to raise the proletariat to the rank of a unified and democratic class.
ruling class and fight for democracy.
The proletariat will use its political rule to seize, step by step, the whole of the bourgeoisie.
The proletariat, which concentrates all the means of production in the state, i.e., organizes itself into the ruling class.
In order to achieve this, it is of course necessary to first of all to impose a ban on ownership and bourgeois relations of production.
In order to achieve this, it is of course necessary, first of all, to impose a new system of ownership and bourgeois relations of production.
Coercive intervention, that is, the adoption of measures such as these, which seem to be economically
inadequate and powerless, but in the course of movement they cross out of themselves, and
They are indispensable as a means of transforming all modes of production.
These measures will of course be different in different countries.